Update the header of every file - new comments (#108188)
AdguardTeam/AdguardFilters: EnglishFilter/sections/foreign.txt

!

> ! This section contains the list of the rules are against ads from sites where the language doesn't match other regional filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
! This section contains the list of rules that are supposed to work on websites we have no language-specific filter for yet.
```
